✨(frontend) EnrolledCourseRun button displayed when course is not yet opened (#1909)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

- Added DashboardItemOrder that allows to select course runs
- Add make dbshell cmd to access database in cli
- Added support for courses-run managed by Joanie

> - Hide 'Go to course' button when the course is not started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display message to user when product course it is enrolled is not yet started
```
